DOCS-6039 Embed Assignment - Getting Started w/ Session Replay (#19681)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/getting_started/session_replay/_index.md

---

> title: Getting Started with Session Replay

Reviewer: One more entry in the partial list of the Getting Started page too: https://docs-staging.datadoghq.com/mario/sr-gs/getting_started/!

kind: documentation
further_reading:
    - link: 'https://docs.datadoghq.com/real_user_monitoring/session_replay/'
      tag: 'Documentation'
      text: 'Session Replay'
    - link: 'https://docs.datadoghq.com/real_user_monitoring/session_replay/mobile/'

>       tag: 'Documentation'

Reviewer: For these docs links + the Troubleshooting link below, you can leave them as `/real_user_monitoring/session_replay/`, but for links outside of the documentation repo, they have to be absolute (full) URLs!

    - link: 'https://docs.datadoghq.com/real_user_monitoring/browser/troubleshooting/'
      tag: 'Documentation'
      text: 'Troubleshooting'
---

## Overview

**Session Replay** is a visual tool that recreates user sessions from your applications, giving you an in-depth look at how users are interacting with your product. Session Replay can be helpful in understanding an application's pain points, as well as other nuances that may be harder to detect when looking at a session timeline, but easier to notice in a visual representation. 

This page demonstrates how to get started with Session Replay in Datadog. If you haven't already, [create a Datadog account][1].

## Configuring Session Replays

Session Replay is available in the RUM Browser SDK. To start collecting data for Session Replay, set up Datadog RUM Browser Monitoring by creating a RUM application, generating a client token generation, and initializing the RUM Browser SDK. 

For further instructions on collecting Session Replay data, follow the [RUM Getting Started guide][2] for your application. 

For setup in mobile environments, see [Mobile Session Replay][3].

## Finding particular Session Replays

> Once you're collecting Session Replay data, select **Session Replay available** in the [RUM Explorer][4] to see all sessions with a replay attached to it. From here, you can visualize the data as a **List**, **Timeseries**, or other format. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you're collecting Session Replay data, select **Session Replay available** in the [RUM Explorer][4] to see all sessions with a replay attached to it. You can visualize this data as a **List**, **Timeseries**, **Top List**, **Table**, **Distribution**, **Geomap**, **Funnel**, **Tree Map**, or **Pie Chart**. 
```

> {{< img src="/getting_started/session_replay/session-replay-available.png" alt="Session Replay available button, as well as visualization options">}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< img src="/getting_started/session_replay/session-replay-available.png" alt="Session Replay available button, as well as visualization options" style="width:100%" >}}
```

### Facets

You can filter Sessions using facets. Filtering by [facet][5] is helpful if you are searching for specific information, such as a particular user or device type. 

### Views

> You are also able to filter by [view][6]. This can be helpful in the case that you know where the issue lies.

Reviewer: I'd recommend adding an image that captures the Views dropdown menu or the My View button like: 
![Screenshot 2023-09-12 at 8 34 19 AM](https://github.com/DataDog/documentation/assets/76412946/b5528191-7ac6-421b-adbf-fe72d01ae91a)

> {{< img src="/getting_started/session_replay/facets-views.png" alt="Filtering by facet and view">}}

Reviewer: Looks like this image belongs in the ### Facets section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< img src="/getting_started/session_replay/facets-views.png" alt="Filtering by facet and view" style="width:100%" >}}
```

> ## User Journey

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Examine a user journey
```

> The **User Journey** functions as an event timeline, and is tracked on the right side of the page. Starting from the beginning of a replay, you can watch everything that a particular user did. You can navigate to any moment in the User Journey by selecting it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **User Journey** functions as an event timeline, and is tracked on the right side of the page. Starting from the beginning of a replay, you can watch everything that a particular user did. You can navigate to any moment in the user journey by clicking on an event.
```

> {{< img src="/getting_started/session_replay/user-journey.png" alt="Panel with User Journey">}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< img src="/getting_started/session_replay/user-journey.png" alt="Panel with User Journey" style="width:100%" >}}
```

You are able to filter the User Journey by **View**, **Action**, **Error**, and **Frustration Signal** by selecting **Events**. 

> {{< img src="/getting_started/session_replay/views-actions-errors.png" alt="Panel that allows for filtering by view, action, error, and frustration signal">}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< img src="/getting_started/session_replay/views-actions-errors.png" alt="Panel that allows for filtering by view, action, error, and frustration signal" style="width:100%" >}}
```

While hovering over a particular time or view in the User Journey, selecting **Details** opens a side panel where you can examine specific Core Web Vitals of the page, as well as other pertinent information, without leaving the replay.

{{< img src="/getting_started/session_replay/details-panel.png" alt="Panel with additional details">}}

From this page, you can also expand the Performance Waterfall by selecting **Expand Waterfall** for more detailed information.

{{< img src="/getting_started/session_replay/performance-waterfall.png" alt="Expanded performance waterfall">}}

> ## Developer Tools

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Troubleshoot using Developer Tools
```

> Selecting **Dev Tools** enables you to view various aspects of your application's performance, console logs and errors associated with the view, and any application or user attributes regarding the replay. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Session Replay's [Browser Developer Tools][8] enable you to view various aspects of your application's performance, console logs, and errors associated with the view, and any application or user attributes regarding the replay. 
```

> {{< img src="/getting_started/session_replay/dev-tools.png" alt="Dev tools console">}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< img src="/getting_started/session_replay/dev-tools.png" alt="Dev tools console" style="width:100%" >}}
```

> You can view the **Resources** and **Traces** associated with a view through using the tabs.

Reviewer: I would separate these two sentences and have one screenshot per sentence. Also, I would add an anchor link to the APM integration section by using `[word](#apm-integration)`.

> {{< img src="/getting_started/session_replay/resources.png" alt="Resources associated with the view">}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< img src="/getting_started/session_replay/resources.png" alt="Resources associated with the view" style="width:100%" >}}
```

> {{< img src="/getting_started/session_replay/traces.png" alt="Traces associated with the view">}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< img src="/getting_started/session_replay/traces.png" alt="Traces associated with the view" style="width:100%" >}}
```

You can also view session metadata in the **Attributes** tab.

> {{< img src="/getting_started/session_replay/attributes.png" alt="Attributes tab of the Dev tools console">}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< img src="/getting_started/session_replay/attributes.png" alt="Attributes tab of the Dev tools console" style="width:100%" >}}
```

> ## Integrations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Datadog integrations
```

> Session Replay is seamlessly integrated with your application's metrics, traces, and logs, giving you helpful context for debugging issues. Utilizing the APM and Error Tracking integrations alongside Session Replay enables you to investigate the root cause of user-facing issues, regardless of where they originate in your stack.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Session Replay integrates with your application's metrics, traces, and logs to give you helpful context for debugging issues. Utilizing the APM and Error Tracking integrations alongside Session Replay enables you to investigate the root cause of user-facing issues, regardless of where they originate in your stack.
```

### APM integration

> Combining Session Replay with APM traces and metrics enables you to receive end-to-end visibility across frontend and backend issues, allowing you to see how code and infrastructure are impacting your user experience.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Combining Session Replay with [APM traces][9] enables you to receive end-to-end visibility across frontend and backend issues, and see how code and infrastructure are impacting your user experience.
```

Within the Traces tab, select **View Trace in APM** to see more detailed information, including errors and logs associated with the trace. 

> {{< img src="/getting_started/session_replay/APM.png" alt="APM page with more detailed information">}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< img src="/getting_started/session_replay/APM.png" alt="APM page with more detailed information" style="width:100%" >}}
```

### Error Tracking integration

> The Error Tracking feature is helpful in debugging issues and getting to the root cause. You can receive alerts for an error, see the exact line of code that caused it, and pivot to view a user session that encountered the error all from within the Datadog App.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Error Tracking integration][10] is helpful in debugging issues and getting to the root cause. You can receive alerts for an error, see the exact line of code that caused it, and pivot to view a user session that encountered the error on the Datadog site.
```

> Within the Errors tab, selecting a specific error expands the view to display the time the error occurred, as well as the error message. Clicking **Issue in error tracking** opens a panel with more detail surrounding the error, as well as any attributes associated with the session.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the **Errors** tab, selecting a specific error expands the view to display the time the error occurred, as well as the error message. Clicking **Issue in error tracking** opens a panel with more detail surrounding the error, as well as any attributes associated with the session.
```

> {{< img src="/getting_started/session_replay/error-tracking.png" alt="Error tracking panel">}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< img src="/getting_started/session_replay/error-tracking.png" alt="Error tracking panel" style="width:100%" >}}
```

## What's next?

You can share the replay with your team by selecting the **Share** dropdown at the top of the page. You can start the replay at a specific time, to direct your team's attention to a particular time and view of the Replay.

> {{< img src="/getting_started/session_replay/share.png" alt="Share your replay pop-up">}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< img src="/getting_started/session_replay/share.png" alt="Share your replay pop-up" style="width:100%" >}}
```

Until Datadog starts receiving data, your application appears as `pending` on the **RUM Applications** page.

For more detailed instructions on collecting Session Replay data, follow the [RUM setup documentation][2] for your application. For Session Replay setup on mobile apps, see [Mobile Session Replay][3].

## Find particular Session Replays

Once you're collecting Session Replay data, navigate to the [RUM Explorer][4] and select **Session Replay available** to see all sessions with a replay attached to it. You can visualize this data as a **List**, **Timeseries**, or other format.

{{< img src="/getting_started/session_replay/session-replay-available.png" alt="Session Replay available button, as well as visualization options" style="width:100%" >}}

Suppose you've been told that a customer experienced issues with your application on a mobile device. You can filter Sessions using **facets**. In this case, filtering by [facet][5] is helpful in searching for specific information, such as a particular user or device type.

{{< img src="/getting_started/session_replay/facets-views.png" alt="Filtering by facet" style="width:100%" >}}

> Maybe you've created a [Saved View][6] that shows you all Sessions that contain the specific error that your customer encountered. This can be helpful in the case that you know where the issue lies.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Maybe you've created a [Saved View][6] that shows you all sessions that contain a specific error that your application generates. Bringing up this view is helpful when that you know where the issue lies, and want to see session replays of people encountering it.
```

{{< img src="/getting_started/session_replay/pinned-views.png" alt="Views dropdown" style="width:100%" >}}

## Examine a user journey

> The **User Journey** is an event timeline on the right side of the page. The session replay looks like a video on the left, with standard video navigation tools. Start the replay from the beginning by clicking play, and watch everything that a particular user did. You can navigate to any moment in the user journey by clicking on an event in the list. You can also track all the actions and errors occurring for each view by clicking **Session Breakdown**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The session replay looks like a video on the left, with standard video navigation tools. Start the replay from the beginning by clicking play, and watch everything that a particular user did. 

The **User Journey** is an event timeline on the right side of the page. You can navigate to any moment in the user journey by clicking on an event in the list. You can also track all the actions and errors occurring for each view by clicking **Session Breakdown**.
```

{{< img src="/getting_started/session_replay/user-journey.png" alt="Panel with User Journey" style="width:100%" >}}

Select **Events** to filter the user journey list by the following event types:

- **View**
- **Action**
- **Error**
- **Frustration Signal**

While hovering over a particular time or view in the user journey, select **Details** to examine Core Web Vitals and other pertinent information, without leaving the replay.

{{< img src="/getting_started/session_replay/details-panel.png" alt="Panel with additional details">}}

From the Details page, you can expand the waterfall view for more detailed information.

{{< img src="/getting_started/session_replay/performance-waterfall.png" alt="Expanded performance waterfall">}}

## Troubleshoot using Developer Tools

Open Session Replay's [browser developer tools][8] to explore your application's performance, console logs, errors, and application or user attributes associated with the current replay. 

{{< img src="/getting_started/session_replay/dev-tools.png" alt="Dev tools console" style="width:100%" >}}

## Pivot to correlated data

> Session Replay integrates with your application's metrics, traces, and logs to give you helpful context for debugging issues. Utilizing the APM and Error Tracking integrations alongside Session Replay enables you to investigate the root cause of user-facing issues, regardless of where they originate in your stack.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Session Replay integrates with your application's metrics, traces, and logs to give you helpful context for debugging issues. Using APM and Error Tracking alongside Session Replay enables you to investigate the root cause of user-facing issues, regardless of where they originate in your stack.
```

> ### Tracing with the APM integration

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Investigating request performance with APM traces
```

> Combining Session Replay with [APM traces][9] enables you to receive end-to-end visibility across frontend and backend issues, and see how code and infrastructure are impacting your user experience. Having full-stack traces can be helpful if you're unsure whether an error is occurring on the frontend or backend of your application. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The [APM traces][9] associated with a session replay give you end-to-end visibility across frontend and backend issues, and see how code and infrastructure are impacting your user experience. Having full-stack traces can be helpful if you're unsure whether an error is occurring on the frontend or backend of your application. 
```

Select a replay with traces to view the browser request, as well as all the backend dependencies and services called upon to fulfill the request in a specific page.

{{< img src="/getting_started/session_replay/traces-view.png" alt="Traces panel" style="width:100%" >}}

Select **View Trace in APM** to see more detailed information, including errors and logs associated with the trace. 

{{< img src="/getting_started/session_replay/APM.png" alt="APM page with more detailed information" style="width:100%" >}}

> ### Investigating errors with the Error Tracking integration

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Investigating errors with Error Tracking
```

> The [Error Tracking integration][10] is helpful in debugging issues and getting to the root cause. You can receive alerts for an error, see the exact line of code that caused it, and pivot to view a user session that encountered the error on the Datadog site.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[Error Tracking][10] is helpful in debugging issues and getting to the root cause. You can receive alerts for an error occurring, see the exact line of code that caused it, and pivot to view a user session that encountered the error.
```

In the **Errors** tab, select an error to see the time the error occurred and the message. Click **Issue in error tracking** to see more detail and attributes associated with the session.

{{< img src="/getting_started/session_replay/error-tracking.png" alt="Error tracking panel" style="width:100%" >}}

## What's next?

### Create Synthetic browser tests from Session Replays

You can [create a synthetic browser test][11] from the exact sequence of steps your users went through in a Session Replay. Datadog runs synthetic tests on an automated schedule you define, to simulate user behavior, reporting failing tests to you without your users having to encounter the problem again.

To capture a session replay in a synthetic browser test, click **Generate Synthetic Browser Test** above the event timeline.

{{< img src="/getting_started/session_replay/browser-test.png" alt="Browser test creation popup window" style="width:100%" >}}

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

For more information about managing, running, and interpreting test results, read [Synthetic Browser Tests][12].

```

### Share with your team

You can share the replay with your team by selecting the **Share** dropdown at the top of the page. You can start the replay at a specific time, to direct your team's attention to a particular time and view of the Replay.

{{< img src="/getting_started/session_replay/share.png" alt="Share your replay pop-up" style="width:100%" >}}

## Further Reading

{{< partial name="whats-next/whats-next.html" >}}

[1]: https://www.datadoghq.com/?_gl=1*2g30ya*_gcl_au*OTEwMTA2MjI5LjE2OTIxMDc1MzA.*_ga_KN80RDFSQK*MTY5NDAwODQ4OS40OC4xLjE2OTQwMDg2MzcuMC4wLjA.
[2]: /real_user_monitoring/#get-started
[3]: /real_user_monitoring/session_replay/mobile/
[4]: https://app.datadoghq.com/rum/sessions
[5]: /real_user_monitoring/explorer/search/#facets
[6]: /real_user_monitoring/explorer/saved_views/
[7]: /real_user_monitoring/browser/#setup
[8]: /real_user_monitoring/session_replay/developer_tools
[9]: /real_user_monitoring/connect_rum_and_traces
[10]: /real_user_monitoring/error_tracking/

> [11]: /synthetics/guide/rum-to-synthetics/

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[11]: /synthetics/guide/rum-to-synthetics/
[12]: /synthetics/browser_tests/
```

This page demonstrates how to get started with Session Replay in Datadog. If you haven't already, [create a Datadog account][1].

## Configure Session Replays

Session Replay is available in the RUM Browser SDK. To start collecting data for Session Replay, ensure that you have done the following:

1. Set up [Datadog RUM Browser Monitoring][7] by creating a RUM application (ensure you toggle **Session Replay Enabled** to access replay recordings).
2. Generate a **Client Token**. 
3. Initialize the RUM Browser SDK.

Until Datadog starts receiving data, your application appears as `pending` on the **RUM Applications** page.

For more detailed instructions on collecting Session Replay data, follow the [RUM Getting Started guide][2] for your application. For setup in mobile environments, see [Mobile Session Replay][3].

## Find particular Session Replays

> Once you're collecting Session Replay data, navigate to the [RUM Explorer][4] and select **Session Replay available** to see all sessions with a replay attached to it. You can visualize this data as a **List**, **Timeseries**, **Top List**, **Table**, **Distribution**, **Geomap**, **Funnel**, **Tree Map**, or **Pie Chart**. 

Reviewer 2: In fact, we should be more opinionated in the GS. Create a scenario, like, "Suppose you've been told a customer with user ID `kelly.example@example.com` was experiencing problems" ... and tell them how to use filters/facets to find that session. "Or maybe you've created a Saved View (link to doc about saved views) that shows you all Sessions that encounter a certain error type. Open that Saved view"

{{< img src="/getting_started/session_replay/session-replay-available.png" alt="Session Replay available button, as well as visualization options" style="width:100%" >}}

You can filter Sessions using **facets**. Filtering by [facet][5] is helpful if you are searching for specific information, such as a particular user or device type. 

{{< img src="/getting_started/session_replay/facets-views.png" alt="Filtering by facet" style="width:100%" >}}

You are also able to filter by [view][6], as well as customize and pin views. This can be helpful in the case that you know where the issue lies.

> {{< img src="/getting_started/session_replay/pinned-views.png" alt="Views dropdown" style="width:100%" >}}

Reviewer 2: If you be more scenario-driven as I have suggested above, you can skip this general stuff that is already covered in the RUM explorer docs, and just get to looking at Session Replays

## Examine a user journey

> The **User Journey** functions as an event timeline, and is tracked on the right side of the page. Starting from the beginning of a replay, you can watch everything that a particular user did. You can navigate to any moment in the user journey by clicking on an event.

Reviewer 2: you haven't mentioned here how to start or move around the SR playback, which you should. They can either click points in the user journey list, or they can click the play button on the SR "video"

> The **User Journey** functions as an event timeline, and is tracked on the right side of the page. Starting from the beginning of a replay, you can watch everything that a particular user did. You can navigate to any moment in the user journey by clicking on an event.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The **User Journey** is an event timeline on the right side of the page. The session replay looks like a video on the left, with standard video navigation tools. Start the replay from the beginning by clicking play, and watch everything that a particular user did. You can navigate to any moment in the user journey by clicking on an event in the list.
```

{{< img src="/getting_started/session_replay/user-journey.png" alt="Panel with User Journey" style="width:100%" >}}

> You are able to filter the User Journey by **View**, **Action**, **Error**, and **Frustration Signal** by selecting **Events**. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Filter the user journey list by selecting or clearing types of events: 
```

{{< img src="/getting_started/session_replay/views-actions-errors.png" alt="Panel that allows for filtering by view, action, error, and frustration signal" style="width:100%" >}}

> While hovering over a particular time or view in the user journey, selecting **Details** opens a side panel where you can examine specific Core Web Vitals of the page, as well as other pertinent information, without leaving the replay.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
While hovering over a particular time or view in the user journey, select **Details** to examine Core Web Vitals and other pertinent information, without leaving the replay.
```

{{< img src="/getting_started/session_replay/details-panel.png" alt="Panel with additional details">}}

> From this page, you can also expand the Performance Waterfall by selecting **Expand Waterfall** for more detailed information.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
From the Details page, you can expand the waterfall view for more detailed information.
```

{{< img src="/getting_started/session_replay/performance-waterfall.png" alt="Expanded performance waterfall">}}

## Troubleshoot using Developer Tools

> Session Replay's [Browser Developer Tools][8] enable you to view various aspects of your application's performance, console logs and errors associated with the view, and any application or user attributes regarding the replay. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Open Session Replay's [browser developer tools][8] to explore your application's performance, console logs, errors, and application or user attributes associated with the current replay. 
```

{{< img src="/getting_started/session_replay/dev-tools.png" alt="Dev tools console" style="width:100%" >}}

You can view any **Resources** associated with a view by selecting the Resources tab.

{{< img src="/getting_started/session_replay/resources.png" alt="Resources associated with the view" style="width:100%" >}}

> **Traces** associated with a view can be found in the [Traces tab](#tracing-with-the-apm-integration).

Reviewer 2: These are very close to "click print to print" type documentation 😂 . WHY would someone look at resources? what kind of info will they find there to help them troubleshoot? What should they look for? Ditto with Traces

{{< img src="/getting_started/session_replay/traces.png" alt="Traces associated with the view" style="width:100%" >}}

> Session metadata is populated in the **Attributes** tab.

Reviewer 2: Provide an example of what might be a useful piece of info on the Attributes tab.

Author: I just got rid of this. The only thing that is found under the Attributes tab is session/user metadata, and it felt self-explanatory.

{{< img src="/getting_started/session_replay/attributes.png" alt="Attributes tab of the Dev tools console" style="width:100%" >}}

## Pivot to correlated data

Session Replay integrates with your application's metrics, traces, and logs to give you helpful context for debugging issues. Utilizing the APM and Error Tracking integrations alongside Session Replay enables you to investigate the root cause of user-facing issues, regardless of where they originate in your stack.

### Tracing with the APM integration

Combining Session Replay with [APM traces][9] enables you to receive end-to-end visibility across frontend and backend issues, and see how code and infrastructure are impacting your user experience.

Within the Traces tab, select **View Trace in APM** to see more detailed information, including errors and logs associated with the trace. 

> {{< img src="/getting_started/session_replay/APM.png" alt="APM page with more detailed information" style="width:100%" >}}

Reviewer 2: I think if you provide a little more specifics of what a person might find in a trace, as I commented on in lines 80-84, you can get rid of this section entirely.

### Investigating errors with the Error Tracking integration

The [Error Tracking integration][10] is helpful in debugging issues and getting to the root cause. You can receive alerts for an error, see the exact line of code that caused it, and pivot to view a user session that encountered the error on the Datadog site.

> In the **Errors** tab, selecting a specific error expands the view to display the time the error occurred, as well as the error message. Clicking **Issue in error tracking** opens a panel with more detail surrounding the error, as well as any attributes associated with the session.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the **Errors** tab, select an error to see the time the error occurred and the message. Click **Issue in error tracking** to see more detail and attributes associated with the session.
```

{{< img src="/getting_started/session_replay/error-tracking.png" alt="Error tracking panel" style="width:100%" >}}

## What's next?

> ### Create Browser Tests from Session Replays

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Create Synthetic browser tests from Session Replays
```
The Synthetic part is important -- Synthetic tests are automated tests that Datadog simulates on real running code.

> You can [create a browser test][11] from the exact sequence of steps your users went through in a Session Replay. Navigate to the [RUM Explorer][4] and select a session with an available Session Replay that you want to create a browser test from. Click **Generate Synthetic Browser Test** above the event timeline.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can [create a synthetic browser test][11] from the exact sequence of steps your users went through in a Session Replay. Datadog runs synthetic tests on an automated schedule you define, to simulate user behavior, reporting failing tests to you, without your users having to encounter the problem again.

To capture a session replay in a synthetic browser test, click **Generate Synthetic Browser Test** above the event timeline.
```

Reviewer 2: ... and maybe tell them to go finish configuring the synth test in the Synthetic Test product (and link to those docs).
